from woolly knickers I have no idea who
Christoph Waltz is but he is pretty
boring so I'm probably not going to
bother finding out I'm getting up
tonight
I mean Patricia Arquette's he if that
gross ratty old man George Clooney can
find a girl you regular fellows out
there the Twitterverse must be drowning
in Jessica Chastain looks like Julia
Roberts ghost like that one Eddie
Redmayne looks like someone tried to
erase his nose but couldn't completely
very dehydrated which I am tired of
Susan Sarandon having her big boobs and
my oh you wish is a boring whip some
long ass movies where you going emily
Blunt's got a purty mouth that I'd like
to poop in I hate when Zach Galifianakis
plays serious roles
that's what Dakota Fanning is for chem
har seems like an annoying little fart
what Richard Dreyfuss is a very short
man no way he killed Jews no he killed
jaws cate blanchett play-doh
looking face ago
convinced the Seth Rogen's really just
dust and died with a hundred and fifty
extra pounds on Oscar Isaac is a
Brooklyn hipster piece of and I'm gonna
fight him sounds like a very
well-adjusted human being taraji P
Hansen seems like she's extremely ghetto
in real life LOL well I can't be
meet me outside son pound one as a penis
nose to has a scrotum face 3 has an anus
mouth for is a butthole excitement
continues with Jimmy's touch in fact
after Oscar party including bet Affleck
Tracy Morgan Mike Tyson JK Simmons Henry
Cavill
five Oscar Sunday on ABC Halle Berry's
boobs are lopsided well when they're
real that happens